added translated fha (transl. by google transl.) (#10)
JBludau/Highline-Rescue-Project: doc_src/functional_hazard_analysis_longline/fha_longline.tex

	     fhaCausesKeyValue=
	     	Power or control deficit of rotorcraft,
	     fhaDescriptionKeyValue=
	     	{A power or control deficit of the rotorcraft during the positioning of the \textcolor{teal}{rescuer} relative 
	     	 to the \textcolor{purple}{patient} can occur, which causes the rotorcraft to loose height.  

> 	     	 This poses the risk of unintended contact between longline and highline.},

Reviewer: longline -> landing gear

	     fhaNumberKeyValue=
	     	1.3,
	     fhaCausesKeyValue=
	     	{\textcolor{teal}{Rescuer} positions him/herself on wrong side of highline, thus preventing an 
	     	 unhindered departure of the rotorcraft.
	     	 Rappel device can get entangled in the highline or backup},
	     fhaDescriptionKeyValue=
	     	{During the rappel of the \textcolor{teal}{rescuer} he/she could end on the side of the highline that does not correspond
	     	 to the departure direction of the rotorcraft, which prevents the rotorcraft from departuring unhindered.

> 	     	  When rappelling to far, the longline might be pulled vertically along the line which is discussed in 1.2},

Reviewer: to far -> too far

> 	     	  When rappelling to far, the longline might be pulled vertically along the line which is discussed in 1.2},

Reviewer: too far

			These could have to be cut during the subsequent rescue process or could lead to unwanted tied-up situations.}, 
	     fhaMitigationKeyValue=
	     {\tabitem Termination of the attempt in case of acute rocking of the highline \\
	     \tabitem Hovering near highline to test aerodynamic interaction (careful approach)\\
	     \tabitem Sheathing the highline and backups to eliminate loops\\
	     \tabitem Tighten the highline more when setting up to reduce the amplitude},
	     fhaCritPostKeyValue=
	     {\textcolor{orange}{medium}, as the formation of loops is prevented and a previously agreed, slow approach to positioning of the helicopter allows an abort at any time}]
	     
%1.7
\fhaTable[fhaSystemKeyValue=
			{Highline},
		 fhaFunctionKeyValue=
		 	{load transfer},
	     fhaCritPreKeyValue=
	     	{\textcolor{red}{high}},
	     fhaNumberKeyValue=
	     	{1.7},
	     fhaCausesKeyValue=
	     	{Rockfall or other objects blown down by downwash}, 
	     fhaDescriptionKeyValue=
	     	{A falling stone, branch, carabiner, etc. is enough to cut the line under tension.

> 	      	This causes the \textcolor{purple}{patient} to fall into the backup and hang lower than in the line.

Reviewer: line-> mainline

Author: I chose highline in https://github.com/JBludau/Highline-Rescue-Project/pull/10/commits/3306c8304bc49714804b65a96762ae442ec3d629 ... we did not differentiate the parts of the highline in the fha section of the document ... But it might be a good idea ... 

Would you create an issue to track that?

using current and undamaged harnesses.

\subsection{Phase 2: Hanging the patient}
\label{sec:fha:phase2}

%2.1
\fhaTable[fhaSystemKeyValue=
			{helicopter},
		 fhaFunctionKeyValue=
		 	{load transfer},
	     fhaCritPreKeyValue=
	     	{\textcolor{red}{high}},
	     fhaNumberKeyValue=
	     	{2.1},
	     fhaCausesKeyValue=
	     	{(Temporary) performance deficit of the helicopter}, 
	     fhaDescriptionKeyValue=
	     	{Before attaching the sling, this is described in 1.1. After attaching the sling (helicopter tied up), the rescuer's load can also be transferred tothe highline via the sling, \textcolor{purple}{patient} belt and leash if the helicopter accidentally loses altitude.
  			If the helicopter has to leave its hovering position during this phase, the sling can be unloaded and unhooked.
			Furthermore, the rope can be dropped and the \textcolor{teal}{rescuer} falls into the highline together with the \textcolor{purple}{patient}.
    		However, the falling rope can pose a danger to both personnel and the highline (impact and friction on the line).}, 
	     fhaMitigationKeyValue=
	     	{\tabitem Abrasion-resistant coating of line and backups\\

> 	     	\tabitem \textcolor{purple}{patient} and \textcolor{teal}{rescuer} wear an appropriate helmet\\

Reviewer: maybe add "and eye protection/goggles" ?

Author: this is included in the radiohelmet

Author: But I agree, it is not explicitly mentioned

	     	\tabitem Line construction with multiple backups made of core-sheath ropes\\
	     	\tabitem Sufficient fall height under the highline for stretching by weight of two persons\\

> 	     	\tabitem Terrestrial rescue equipment and an easily accessible highline stand\\

Reviewer: not sure what a "stand" is in this context, should it be "anchor" instead ?
(the "highline stand" is used 3 times in doc so probably batch-replace)

Author: done in https://github.com/JBludau/Highline-Rescue-Project/pull/10/commits/b1ba87821e3153c4566d8fd80bf4880dbf32b427

> 	     	\tabitem Sufficient personnel with knowledge at the anchorage for a terrestrial rescue},

Reviewer: anchorage -> anchor (6 times in doc)

	      	This could cause friction damage to the highline.
	      	Furthermore, the contact between the line and the rope could affect the control behavior of the helicopter.
	      	In the most serious case, the rope could have to be released (in this case see 2.1)}, 
	     fhaMitigationKeyValue=
	     	{\tabitem Abrasion-resistant coating of line and backups\\
	     	\tabitem Line construction with multiple backups made of core-sheath ropes\\},
	     fhaCritPostKeyValue=
	     	{\textcolor{orange}{medium}, as the sheath prevents friction damage to the line. Damage caused by hitting can be mitigated by the backups used.
 			Dropping the rope does not cause the \textcolor{teal}{rescuer} to fall}]
 
%2.3 
\fhaTable[fhaSystemKeyValue=
			{\textcolor{teal}{rescuer}},
		 fhaFunctionKeyValue=
		 	{positioning (transl.)},
	     fhaCritPreKeyValue=
	     	{\textcolor{red}{high}},
	     fhaNumberKeyValue=
	     	{2.3},
	     fhaCausesKeyValue=
	     	{Flight \textcolor{teal}{rescuer} positions himself too far below \textcolor{purple}{patient} to attach \textcolor{purple}{patient} to rope.}, 
	     fhaDescriptionKeyValue=

> 	     	{Immediately after hooking in, the \textcolor{teal}{rescuer} can lower himself too far with the variable rope or hang below the \textcolor{purple}{patient} due to the helicopter losing altitude.

Reviewer: inconsistent wording, sometimes "height", sometimes "altitude" is used
(not a big deal but consistency is nice..)

Author: done in https://github.com/JBludau/Highline-Rescue-Project/pull/10/commits/ac02c3b2bd7059da0bfd4b65be24c7f99dae9f61

			In addition, the fall height can be kept small and the pilot can be prepared}]

%2.8
\fhaTable[fhaSystemKeyValue=
			{Leash},
		 fhaFunctionKeyValue=
		 	{load transfer},
	     fhaCritPreKeyValue=
	     	{\textcolor{red}{high}},
	     fhaNumberKeyValue=
	     	{2.8},
	     fhaCausesKeyValue=
	     	{Fall of two people in leash when releasing the rope}, 
	     fhaDescriptionKeyValue=
	     	{If the rope has to be released during this phase, the \textcolor{teal}{rescuer} and \textcolor{purple}{patient} will fall into the patient's leash.}, 
	     fhaMitigationKeyValue=
	     	{\tabitem Avoid sharp objects on harnesses/clothing of \textcolor{teal}{rescuer} and \textcolor{purple}{patient}\\
	     	\tabitem Cutting tool for the leash cut remains secured in a holder\\
	     	\tabitem No unprotected, sharp objects on \textcolor{purple}{patient} and \textcolor{teal}{rescuer}},
	     fhaCritPostKeyValue=
	     	{\textcolor{red}{high}, but can easily be avoided by taking measures (use of suitable clothing and belts and appropriate caution).}]

%2.9
\fhaTable[fhaSystemKeyValue=

> 			{belt},

Author: `Belt` is always wrong ... `harness` is meant ... should be safely doable with s'n'r

Author: done in https://github.com/JBludau/Highline-Rescue-Project/pull/10/commits/68759c11381d636bab6acabab3c5850506ac348f for the whole document

		 fhaFunctionKeyValue=
		 	{load transfer},
	     fhaCritPreKeyValue=
	     	{\textcolor{orange}{medium}},
	     fhaNumberKeyValue=
	     	{2.9},
	     fhaCausesKeyValue=

> 	     	{Fall of two people in leash when releasing the rope}, 

Author: we actually use `rope` to refer to the rope we use as leash replacement

	     fhaDescriptionKeyValue=
	     	{If the rope has to be released in this phase, the \textcolor{teal}{rescuer} and \textcolor{purple}{patient} fall into the patient's leash.
	      	The rescuer's load path is via the sling into the belay loop of the patient's harness.
	       	The leash is usually tied parallel to the belay ring (threaded through the loops of the harness, similarly to tying in a climbing rope).}, 
	     fhaMitigationKeyValue=
	     	{\tabitem Attach the sling to the leash attachment loop and to the patient harness attachment ring.\\
	      	If only one is possible: attach it to the leash attachment loop.\\
	     	\tabitem Checking that the \textcolor{purple}{patient} has correctly attached the sling\\},
	     fhaCritPostKeyValue=
	     	{\textcolor{green}{low}. Can be controlled very well through communication and the 4-eyes principle.\\
 			However, a suitable communication channel is a mandatory}]

\clearpage
\subsection{Phase 3: Lifting to relieve the highline}
\label{sec:fha:phase3}

> This phase begins after the \textcolor{purple}{patient} has been successfully hooked into the sling and the \textcolor{teal}{rescuer} and \textcolor{purple}{patient} are lifted
> by the helicopter. The lifting is complete when the highline is (almost) free of load

Author: ```suggestion
This phase begins after the \textcolor{purple}{patient} has been successfully connected into the longline and the \textcolor{teal}{rescuer} and \textcolor{purple}{patient} are lifted
by the helicopter. The lifting is complete when the highline is (almost) free of load
```

Author: done in https://github.com/JBludau/Highline-Rescue-Project/pull/10/commits/5ca40df93d1aa74036bfab5c501c1f91d8d9a008 for the whole document
